OKTA-406710 Update domain API docs (#2277)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/domains/index.md

### DomainListResponse object

> The DomainListResponse object defines list of domains, with a subset of the properties for each domain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DomainListResponse object defines list of domains with a subset of the properties for each domain:
```

| Property                  | Type                                                           | Description                                                                               |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `domains`                  | Array of [DomainResponse](#domainresponse-object)             | Describes zero or more domains       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `domains`                  | Array of [DomainResponse](#domainresponse-object)             | Describes the domains       |
```
